We had a couple of really
good questions and comments.
Important one was that, folks are finding,
they open the dev tools.
So I'm on my Mac and
the the workspace is actually on my Mac.
And so, when I do things if I
do body back ground blue, or
something like that,
it live reloads in real time.
But a couple of folks were doing
things either via remote workspace or
via windows subsystem Linux, and they're
finding that the changes, they do persist.
So if you go and you type stuff and
you hit save, and
then you look in your editor,
it'll be there.
But the live reloading
won't happen over and WSL.
Let me go through the kind of solving
these and then we'll do pause for
any questions that anybody
had going through it.
So yeah, so I kind of got everything
all set up and got my green dots here.
And then so the first thing
was centering the page title.
So I'll go and grab that and
the elements over here.
I can either do it there, or
I can go into sources, the CSS,
and I can do something like I'll
add a new selector for h1s.
And I'll do text align center.
So I'll do that.
Change the background color so I can kind
of go into elements and grab the body.
Maybe add a new selector or
something like that,
background color 333.
That looks real bad, eee looks better.
And then the last thing
was some JavaScript.
So what I was hoping was you would type
in a new item, and you'd hit Enter, and
it should add it to the list.
So if we type in a new item,
we hit Enter, nothing happens.
We go to the console, and
it's logging it, but nothing's happening.
So we can go into the sources tab and we
can look at the JavaScript and we can see,
it's grabbing the form field,
it's grabbing the list of items.
It's pre-populating with
these three items, and
it calls this render function which
will set the, HTML the list to empty.
Then we'll go through each one of these
items and it will create a new item and
set the inner text to or create a new list
item and set the inner text to the item.
And so what we really want to do is when
on the form when you add an event listener
and you type something in, we check
the key to see if the key is entered,
which I already have in here.
And we are logging the form value but
we really wanna do is we wanna just push
that form value on to
the list of items here.
And so we should be able to do something
just like items, push and save that.
And now when we come here and
we hit Enter, I'm gonna close these,
you can see you know,
hello, something like that.
It will add the item.
So yeah, again not super important
getting these things right but
more important getting
the workspace set up and
actually playing around with the elements
panel seeing what works, what doesn't.
Playing around with the sources and
then seeing that it actually updates
your if I do workspace index or main.js.
We can see my new items push code
has made it to my file system.
So that is workspaces.
Again, the kind of TLDR there is it
won't work for a lot of situations.
But if you are in a situation where it'll
work, it can be a really nice way of
editing things really quickly and
seeing the changes right there.